[2.19] Clarify `library` usage for no-name declarations update (#4390)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/language-tour.md

modular and shareable code base. Libraries not only provide APIs, but
are a unit of privacy: identifiers that start with an underscore (`_`)
are visible only inside the library. *Every Dart app is a library*, even

> if it doesn’t use a [`library`](#the-library-directive) directive.

Reviewer: You'll need to adjust this to use the new anchor we specified below:

```suggestion
if it doesn’t use a [`library`](#library-directive) directive.
```

  using <code>deferred as <em>namespace</em></code>.
  The `loadLibrary()` function returns a [`Future`](/guides/libraries/library-tour#future).

#### The `library` directive {#library-directive}

To specify library-level [doc comments][] or [metadata annotations][],
attach them to a `library` declaration at the start of the file.

<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/effective_dart/docs_good.dart (library-doc)"?>
{% prettify dart tag=pre+code %}
/// A really great test library.
@TestOn('browser')
library;
{% endprettify %}

> [discouraged]: /guides/language/effective-dart/style#dont-explicitly-name-libraries

Reviewer: Looks like you can remove this link now:

```suggestion
```

  using <code>deferred as <em>namespace</em></code>.
  The `loadLibrary()` function returns a [`Future`](/guides/libraries/library-tour#future).

#### The `library` directive {#library-directive}

> The only reason to use a library directive is
> to attach library-level [doc comments][] or [metadata annotations][].
> Library-level comments and annotations need to prepend
> a `library` declaration at the start of a file.

Reviewer: Reading this again, saying "only reason" makes this seem like readers may know other incorrect reasons, but this is a learning material. These two sentences also seem like they mostly cover the same thing. Could we just directly state what the library directive is for, following other areas in the language tour?

```suggestion
To specify library-level [doc comments][] or [metadata annotations][],
attach them to a `library` declaration at the start of the file.
```

Author: This makes the next sentence, "There’s also no reason to name a library using the directive; in fact, it’s [discouraged](http://0.0.0.0:4000/guides/language/effective-dart/style#dont-explicitly-name-libraries)." pretty weird. Sticking with your point that this is learning material, there's no need to say "Don't name libraries" here. I'm going to remove it.

  using <code>deferred as <em>namespace</em></code>.
  The `loadLibrary()` function returns a [`Future`](/guides/libraries/library-tour#future).

> #### The `library` directive

Reviewer: Let's make a simpler this have a simpler anchor:

```suggestion
#### The `library` directive {#library-directive}
```

Author: Getting this from `tool/check-links`:
```
http://localhost:5500/guides/language/language-tour
- (5288:20) 'library' => http://localhost:5500/guides/language/language-tour#the-library-directive 
(HTTP 200 but missing anchor)

```

The only reason to use a library directive is

> to attach library-level [doc comments][] or [metadata annotations][].

Reviewer 2: **issue:** This can be simplified. Consider making this more concise.

Author: I really can't imagine a better way to say this. It's a pretty simple sentence that is exactly the point that needs to be conveyed.

Library-level comments and annotations need to prepend
a `library` declaration at the start of a file.
There's also no reason to name a library using the directive;
in fact, it's [discouraged][].

{:.bad}
<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/effective_dart/usage_bad.dart (library-dir)"?>
{% prettify dart tag=pre+code %}

library my_library;
{% endprettify %}

{:.good}
<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/effective_dart/docs_good.dart (library-doc)"?>
{% prettify dart tag=pre+code %}
/// A really great test library.
@TestOn('browser')
library;

> {% endprettify %}

Reviewer: Could you talk more about your thinking on including this bad-v-good section in the language tour? Presumably, most people visiting the language tour will be learners, so they may not even know about the syntax with a name. 

I guess it just feels a bit weird to me, as this is a reference, not really about what's good or bad, hence why you have this documented in Effective Dart as well. We do outline a few recommendations and link to Effective Dart, but the alternative to those recommendations still have a reason.  

Just would like to hear your thoughts :)

Author: Oh! That was not a style choice, I just cut it from the section I added to Effective Dart at first 😅 
_Maybe_ I thought there were other good/bad snippets in the language tour....but whatever the reason was not intentional. Thanks for catching that!
